docs: getting started guide use pipe before introduction (#36584)
angular/angular: aio/content/start/start-data.md

        <code-example header="src/app/product-details/product-details.component.html" path="getting-started/src/app/product-details/product-details.component.html">
        </code-example>
    
    <div class="alert is-helpful">

>     The operator `|` used for currency on product.price is called a pipe. For more information about Angular pipes, see [Pipes](guide/pipes "Pipes").

Reviewer: `product.price` --> `` `product.price` ``

Also, the sentence now makes it sound as if `|` is called a pipe (which it's not). We should re-phrase to make it clear that `|` is the "pipe operator" and `currency` is the pipe (which is not a great name, but that's what we gone with 🤷‍♂️).

Reviewer 2: Thanks for this change! Here's a suggestion that I think might help. It puts more focus on the currency pipe than the operator, and provides a brief description of what a pipe is for.

```suggestion
    The line, `<h4>{{ product.price | currency }}</h4>` uses the `currency` pipe to transform `product.price` from number to a currency string. A pipe is a way you can transform data in your HTML template. For more information about Angular pipes, see [Pipes](guide/pipes "Pipes").
```

>     The line, `<h4>{{ product.price | currency }}</h4>` uses the `currency` pipe to transform `product.price` from number to a currency string. A pipe is a way you can transform data in your HTML template. For more information about Angular pipes, see [Pipes](guide/pipes "Pipes").

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The line, `<h4>{{ product.price | currency }}</h4>` uses the `currency` pipe to transform `product.price` from a number to a currency string. A pipe is a way you can transform data in your HTML template. For more information about Angular pipes, see [Pipes](guide/pipes "Pipes").
```

Reviewer 2: Missing an "a". Otherwise this looks good!
